## Outline

### Titles
- Force generation by Brownian ratchets
- Force generation by molecular motors
- Phase-dependent stall forces in Brownian motors 

### Introduction
- Highlight that we now have the ability to test how the performance characteristics of motors depends on the shape of the energy surfaces.
- Demonstrate that barriers can produce unexpected results, like reversing the direction of flux.

### Methods
- Derive the force on the barrier using the "pressure" method.

### Results
- I think we can look at just 1-3 different potential functions. Maybe even just a rounded sawtooth. I don't think we need to crank through loads of cases from our MD runs. 
- Graphs of torque as a function of phase and barrier height (as you have already made). Observations of torque crossing through zero at some places (major energy minima, I think). Analogy with cylinder of 4-stroke engine.
- Empirical relationship between conventional stall force results and barrier stall force results. 

### Discussion

### Old questions

1. What is the relationship between the "conventional" stall force results and the forces on infinitely high barriers? It would be nice if we could find a concrete relationship, but I'm not convinced one exists. [Discussion]

2. Should we test our "pressure" method of computing the force with a numerical example? I think the way to do this would be to set up a motor model with a very large number of bins (e.g. 1000). [Discussion]

3. Our motor models so far assume a catalytic rate constant that is uniform in dihedral $\phi$. How would the present results change if $k_\text{cat} > 0$ were focused in some key part of the cycle? Would this get rid of zero-torque locations? [Discussion]

