## Introduction

It would be nice to be able to design -- or suggest how to design -- a molecular motor for specific properties: speed, force, torque, gearing, ability to work against a load, resistance to being forced backwards, or something else.
To that end, we set out to explore the relationship between the shape of the potential energy surfaces and these properties.

- Molecular motors work against active loads.

We address these issues by showing how to determine the force exerted by a Brownian motor on a localized barrier. 
We then explore the consequences of this formulation by looking at how the barrier force varies as a function of the barrier height and of its location (or phase), and by using this approach to efficiently derive energy surfaces optimized for force generation.

Molecular motors are thought to work as Brownian ratchets, so Brownian ratchets are interesting. Key performance characteristics of motors are:
maximum speed (e.g., linear velocity for a walker, cycles per second for a rotary motor). For a probabilistic Brownian motor, we think of this is a probability flux
maximum force, or stall force. 
maximum power output to a load
One may expect maximum speed to be attained in the absence of any external load, so solving a model for this parameter would seem fairly straightforward. 
Stall force is typically obtained by imposing a linear energy gradient along the motor's coordinate of motion (e.g. x for a linear motor, phi for a rotary one). This corresponds to a constant force along the coordinate. One increases the force until the flux goes to zero, and then reads out the stall force. 
The force exerted by a macroscopic motor may depend on the phase of its working cycle. For example, the torque output of one cylinder of a 4-stroke engine varies enormously with rotation phase, and is in fact directed opposite to the direction of motion during most of the cycle (if I am reading this right: http://www.epi-eng.com/piston_engine_technology/torsional_excitation_from_piston_engines.htm).  Similarly, the torque a cyclist exerts on the crankset is high when the crank arm is horizontal, but zero when arm is vertical. Thus, the stall force of a macroscopic motor can, in general, depend on the phase of its operating cycle.  This has functional relevance: a four-cycle engine needs multiple cylinders to generating continuous forward torque (I think); and cyclists may stall when climbing a hill if their speed gets so low that they don't have enough momentum for the crank arm to go through the zero-torque vertical orientation. 
It is thus interesting to consider how the stall force exerted by a Brownian motor depends on the phase of its cycle. We examine this issue here, for a simple Brownian rotary motor model, by computing the torques exerted on high barriers which bring the flux to zero. We find that the stall torque depends strongly on phase. We also find that low barriers not large enough to bring the flux to zero can have complex effects on the motor's operating cycle, and may even cause the direction of the flux to reverse.  